README.md, before:

# Snapdrop

 [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]
 [![Sauce Test Status][saucelabs-master-branch-status-image]][saucelabs-master-branch-url]

 [![Sauce Test Status - Master Branch][saucelabs-master-branch-matrix-image]][saucelabs-master-branch-url]

[Snapdrop](https://snapdrop.net) is inspired by Apple's Airdrop, but is a Progressive Web App built with Polymer and Web RTC.


## Install

```sh
$ yarn
```

## Launch dev env

```sh
$ yarn start
```

```sh
# Watch pwa tests
$ yarn run lerna -- run wct --stream -- -- -p
```

## Deploy

The front-end (in the `packages/pwa` folder) is deployed to a github pages by [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/) for every valid commit on the master branch. (see https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/deployment/pages/)


The back-end (in the `packages/server` folder) is deployed via [now](https://zeit.co/now).  
It's done manually for now (PR welcome) mainly because we don't have a real domain or a way to sync the generated back-end url given by Now.

```
$ TOKEN=XXXXXXXX; now -t $TOKEN --public -e PORT=443 
```

then change the back-end url in [web-socket.html](https://github.com/onedoes/snapdrop/blob/master/packages/pwa/app/elements/p2p-network/web-socket.html#L18-L21) file.

<br>
<br>

2017-10-08 [Lighthouse 2.5 score 71.5/100](https://www.webpagetest.org/lighthouse.php?test=171008_Y4_76059bd5fddeadd8ef07d8960c8e4976&run=2) from [webpagetest on Moto G4 - Chrome - 3G](https://www.webpagetest.org/result/171008_Y4_76059bd5fddeadd8ef07d8960c8e4976/)

---

<br>
<br>

Snapdrop is an open source contribution by [Nimiq: the Browser-based Blockchain & Ecosytem](https://nimiq.com).

---

This is a fork of https://snapdrop.net (https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop) down since [Juil 8th 2017](https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop/issues/51)

---

#### Snapdrop is built with the following awesome technologies:
* [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org)
  * [Polymer Starter Kit](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/polymer-starter-kit/)
  * [Polymer Elements](https://elements.polymer-project.org/browse)
* [WebRTC](http://webrtc.org/)
  * [PeerJS](http://peerjs.com)
* [WebSockets](http://www.websocket.org/) fallback (iDevices don't support WebRTC)
  * [BinaryJs](https://github.com/binaryjs/binaryjs)
* [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Material Design](https://material.google.com/)

### Frequently Asked Questions

### Instructions
* [Video Instructions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XN02GkcHUM) (Big thanks to [TheiTeckHq](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_DUzWMb8gZZnAbISQjmAfQ))
* [idownloadblog](http://www.idownloadblog.com/2015/12/29/snapdrop/)
* [thenextweb](http://thenextweb.com/insider/2015/12/27/snapdrop-is-a-handy-web-based-replacement-for-apples-fiddly-airdrop-file-transfer-tool/)
* [winboard](http://www.winboard.org/artikel-ratgeber/6253-dateien-vom-desktop-pc-mit-anderen-plattformen-teilen-mit-snapdrop.html)
* [免費資源網路社群](https://free.com.tw/snapdrop/?utm_content=buffere6987&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer)

##### What about the connection? Is it a P2P-connection directly from device to device or is there any third-party-server?
It uses a P2P connection if WebRTC is supported by the browser. (WebRTC needs a Signaling Server, but it is only used to establish a connection and is not involved in the file transfer).

If WebRTC isn’t supported (Safari, IE) it uses a Web Sockets fallback for the file transfer. The server connects the clients with a stream.  


##### What about privacy? Will files be saved on third-party-servers?
None of your files are ever saved on any server. 
Snapdrop doesn't even use cookies or a database. If you are curious have a look [at the Server](https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop/blob/master/server/ws-server.js).
But it does use Google Analytics. 

##### Is SnapDrop a fork of ShareDrop?
No. ShareDrop is built with Ember. Snapdrop is built with Polymer. 
I wanted to play around with Progressive Web Apps and then I got the idea to clone Apple's Airdrop. By doing research on this idea I found and analysed ShareDrop. I liked it and thought about how to improve it.
ShareDrop uses WebRTC only and isn't compatible with Safari Browsers. Snapdrop uses a Websocket fallback and some hacks to make Snapdrop work due to the download restrictions on iDevices. 


### Snapdrop is awesome! How can I support it? 
* [File bugs, give feedback, submit suggestions](https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop/issues)
* Share Snapdrop on your social media.
* [Buy me a cup of coffee](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=R9C5E42UYEQCN)
* Fix bugs and make a Pull Request. This is my first open source project, so I am not very used to the common workflow, but we'll figure it out!
* Do Security Analysis and suggestions


## Run the project on your device
* Install the `npm`, `bower`, and `gulp` [dependencies of Polymer Starter Kit](https://github.com/PolymerElements/polymer-starter-kit/blob/cd1c6227537c369b2b53c6abe814466f3bbb4187/README.md#install-dependencies)
    * `npm install & bower install`
* run `gulp serve`
* In a second shell run `node index.js`


## Licences
* Thanks to [Mark DiAngelo]() for the [Blop Sound](http://soundbible.com/2067-Blop.html)


[saucelabs-master-branch-url]: https://saucelabs.com/u/onedoes-snapdrop
[saucelabs-master-branch-status-image]: https://saucelabs.com/buildstatus/onedoes-snapdrop
[saucelabs-master-branch-matrix-image]: https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/onedoes-snapdrop.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/onedoes/snapdrop
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/onedoes/snapdrop.svg?branch=master

Commit message:

doc(README): add supported brower info [skip ci]

README.md, after:

# Snapdrop

 [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]
 [![Sauce Test Status][saucelabs-master-branch-status-image]][saucelabs-master-branch-url]

 [![Sauce Test Status - Master Branch][saucelabs-master-branch-matrix-image]][saucelabs-master-branch-url]

[Snapdrop](https://snapdrop.net) is inspired by Apple's Airdrop, but is a Progressive Web App built with Polymer and Web RTC.

WEBRTC is supported on :

- Android > 4.4
- Chrome 26+
- Firefox 23+
- Edge 14+
- Safari 11+

from https://caniuse.com/#feat=rtcpeerconnection
from http://peerjs.com/status/
from http://peerjs.com/status/old


## Install

```sh
$ yarn
```

## Launch dev env

```sh
$ yarn start
```

```sh
# Watch pwa tests
$ yarn run lerna -- run wct --stream -- -- -p
```

## Deploy

The front-end (in the `packages/pwa` folder) is deployed to a github pages by [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/) for every valid commit on the master branch. (see https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/deployment/pages/)


The back-end (in the `packages/server` folder) is deployed via [now](https://zeit.co/now).  
It's done manually for now (PR welcome) mainly because we don't have a real domain or a way to sync the generated back-end url given by Now.

```
$ TOKEN=XXXXXXXX; now -t $TOKEN --public -e PORT=443 
```

then change the back-end url in [web-socket.html](https://github.com/onedoes/snapdrop/blob/master/packages/pwa/app/elements/p2p-network/web-socket.html#L18-L21) file.

<br>
<br>

2017-10-08 [Lighthouse 2.5 score 71.5/100](https://www.webpagetest.org/lighthouse.php?test=171008_Y4_76059bd5fddeadd8ef07d8960c8e4976&run=2) from [webpagetest on Moto G4 - Chrome - 3G](https://www.webpagetest.org/result/171008_Y4_76059bd5fddeadd8ef07d8960c8e4976/)

---

<br>
<br>

Snapdrop is an open source contribution by [Nimiq: the Browser-based Blockchain & Ecosytem](https://nimiq.com).

---

This is a fork of https://snapdrop.net (https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop) down since [Juil 8th 2017](https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop/issues/51)

---

#### Snapdrop is built with the following awesome technologies:
* [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org)
  * [Polymer Starter Kit](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/polymer-starter-kit/)
  * [Polymer Elements](https://elements.polymer-project.org/browse)
* [WebRTC](http://webrtc.org/)
  * [PeerJS](http://peerjs.com)
* [WebSockets](http://www.websocket.org/) fallback (iDevices don't support WebRTC)
  * [BinaryJs](https://github.com/binaryjs/binaryjs)
* [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Material Design](https://material.google.com/)

### Frequently Asked Questions

### Instructions
* [Video Instructions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XN02GkcHUM) (Big thanks to [TheiTeckHq](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_DUzWMb8gZZnAbISQjmAfQ))
* [idownloadblog](http://www.idownloadblog.com/2015/12/29/snapdrop/)
* [thenextweb](http://thenextweb.com/insider/2015/12/27/snapdrop-is-a-handy-web-based-replacement-for-apples-fiddly-airdrop-file-transfer-tool/)
* [winboard](http://www.winboard.org/artikel-ratgeber/6253-dateien-vom-desktop-pc-mit-anderen-plattformen-teilen-mit-snapdrop.html)
* [免費資源網路社群](https://free.com.tw/snapdrop/?utm_content=buffere6987&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer)

##### What about the connection? Is it a P2P-connection directly from device to device or is there any third-party-server?
It uses a P2P connection if WebRTC is supported by the browser. (WebRTC needs a Signaling Server, but it is only used to establish a connection and is not involved in the file transfer).

If WebRTC isn’t supported (Safari, IE) it uses a Web Sockets fallback for the file transfer. The server connects the clients with a stream.  


##### What about privacy? Will files be saved on third-party-servers?
None of your files are ever saved on any server. 
Snapdrop doesn't even use cookies or a database. If you are curious have a look [at the Server](https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop/blob/master/server/ws-server.js).
But it does use Google Analytics. 

##### Is SnapDrop a fork of ShareDrop?
No. ShareDrop is built with Ember. Snapdrop is built with Polymer. 
I wanted to play around with Progressive Web Apps and then I got the idea to clone Apple's Airdrop. By doing research on this idea I found and analysed ShareDrop. I liked it and thought about how to improve it.
ShareDrop uses WebRTC only and isn't compatible with Safari Browsers. Snapdrop uses a Websocket fallback and some hacks to make Snapdrop work due to the download restrictions on iDevices. 


### Snapdrop is awesome! How can I support it? 
* [File bugs, give feedback, submit suggestions](https://github.com/RobinLinus/snapdrop/issues)
* Share Snapdrop on your social media.
* [Buy me a cup of coffee](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=R9C5E42UYEQCN)
* Fix bugs and make a Pull Request. This is my first open source project, so I am not very used to the common workflow, but we'll figure it out!
* Do Security Analysis and suggestions


## Run the project on your device
* Install the `npm`, `bower`, and `gulp` [dependencies of Polymer Starter Kit](https://github.com/PolymerElements/polymer-starter-kit/blob/cd1c6227537c369b2b53c6abe814466f3bbb4187/README.md#install-dependencies)
    * `npm install & bower install`
* run `gulp serve`
* In a second shell run `node index.js`


## Licences
* Thanks to [Mark DiAngelo]() for the [Blop Sound](http://soundbible.com/2067-Blop.html)


[saucelabs-master-branch-url]: https://saucelabs.com/u/onedoes-snapdrop
[saucelabs-master-branch-status-image]: https://saucelabs.com/buildstatus/onedoes-snapdrop
[saucelabs-master-branch-matrix-image]: https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/onedoes-snapdrop.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/onedoes/snapdrop
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/onedoes/snapdrop.svg?branch=master
